hi my name is mike robbins and i'm an
associate content engineer at gas
powered games responsible for a lot of
the things that you're seeing in the new
AI patches that have been released
coming up soon in the next patch there's
going to be a lot more improvements to
the AI we went with all new neural Nets
including we have neural nets for the
naval platoons now so they will be
controlled by neural nets which is
awesome we optimize the research paths
for the a is one of the biggest new
features that I am really really happy
about is we now have an AI options menu
in the lobby that allows you to custom
tailor the AI how much it cheats by how
much you know extra resources it gets
basically how aggressive it is and you
get the custom tailor that to your skill
level or you know your your group skill
level my name is Eric Strom and I'm the
QA lead here at the gas powered games
and i'm here to talk a little bit about
some of the AI changes that have been
made over the past few months we've seen
a big significant change in the AI
behavior since launch the AI today is is
much more challenging than it was at
launch I tend to play a lot now with
nukes turned off because the AI has
learned to fire salvos of nukes instead
of just one nuke they'll fire save
around five to seven nukes in a batch in
fact whereas in the old AI the minute it
would have nukes it would build one nuke
and fire it at you which would give you
a warning that they're building nukes
the AI today tends to build like two to
three nukes and will fire typically like
three nukes on its first salvo which
gives you less morning that that it's
going nucular so whereas in the old days
we could build up a wall of defense and
we knew that the day I would just
continually push against that wall we're
seeing AI that now will teleport behind
that wall and start attacking you're
here at your base where you have perhaps
less defenses hi my name is Brian I'm a
junior tester here at gas powered games
and here to talk about the AI but before
where you can do is you could fight
three or four hard definitely want to
put in some cheating if you wanted to
just have some challenge
now the AI uses their resources very
well there is also a lot more efficient
about where it wants to go down the
research menu we looked at some of our
top players and so how they like to go
down their research for turtle for air
and then I guess some of the computer
Wizards once they got that in place they
let these neural Nets learn and apply it
against you